Modes to run Quarkus Application:

There are two modes to run Quarkus applications.
1. DEV MODE
2. JAR MODE OR PRODUCTION MODE

DEV MODE:
	Its suitable to run in dev mode to get LIVE RELOAD  or  HOT RELOAD
	
	CMD:
		./mvnw quarkus:dev
	
JAR MODE:
	Its suitable to run in jar mode upon successfull testing and its Ready to be deployed in PRODUCTION Environment, here no LIVERELOAD  or  HOTRELOAD are happened.
	
It can be acheived by
1. Packaging the Project

	CMD:
			./mvnw clean package
		
2. Runing it as a jar

	CMD:
			java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar
			
			
DEV MODE VS JAR MODE:

Live reload in Quarkus is designed specifically to work in development mode (`quarkus:dev`) and is not available when running the application in JAR mode. Here's why and what you can do about it:

 Understanding the Modes in Quarkus
1. Development Mode (`quarkus:dev`):
   - This mode is intended for development, where live reload (or hot reload) allows Quarkus to automatically detect and apply code changes while the application is running.
   - The command for running in dev mode is:
     
     ./mvnw quarkus:dev
     
   - Quarkus keeps track of changes in the source code and automatically restarts the relevant parts of the application, which makes it highly efficient for development and debugging.

2. JAR Mode (Production Mode):
   - When running the application using a JAR file (`java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`), you are in production mode.
   - Production mode optimizes for performance, and live reload functionality is disabled to ensure that the application runs with the highest stability and efficiency.
   - Live reload is not supported in this mode because it adds an overhead that is unsuitable for production environments.

 How to Enable Code Updates in JAR Mode
If you want to apply code changes when running in JAR mode, you have to stop the application, rebuild it, and restart it. Here's how you can do that:

1. Stop the Running JAR:
   - Terminate the running process.

2. Rebuild the Application:
   - Run:
     
     ./mvnw clean package
     
   - This command will recompile your code and package it as a new JAR.

3. Run the Updated JAR:
   - Start the application again using:
     
     java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar
     

 Possible Solutions for Faster Development
If you require live reload-like behavior even for manual testing but not in a production environment, consider:

1. Use Development Mode for Testing:
   - Use `quarkus:dev` mode for any kind of iterative development and testing. It is specifically built to provide you with the hot-reload functionality to save time during development.

2. Docker Compose (if using Docker):
   - If you’re containerizing your Quarkus application, you can use Docker Compose along with bind mounts (volumes) to allow rapid rebuild and redeploy while maintaining configuration changes.

3. Continuous Testing:
   - Quarkus also has continuous testing support, which reruns tests every time you make a code change. This can be enabled in development mode using:
     
     ./mvnw quarkus:dev
     
     Press `r` to rerun the tests when continuous testing is enabled.

 Summary
- Live reload only works in development mode (`quarkus:dev`), as it is intended to make iterative development easier.
- In JAR mode, the application is in production mode, where live reload is not supported for stability and performance reasons.
- For a similar experience, use dev mode for testing and development, and consider containerized environments with rapid redeployments for faster iteration.

To summarize, live reload isn't available in JAR mode due to the performance optimizations required for production, but using `quarkus:dev` during development gives you the live reload benefits.